# Design

Module Explanation:
- main.py
  The main file that incorporates all other modules.
  Execute this file to run the game.

- kirby.py
  This module includes the kirby class, which has different movement
  functions.

- enemies.py
  This module includes different enemy classes. Each class has its own
  movement function and properties. The instances will be created in
  the mainloop function.

- handCursor.py
  This module contains a class of the hand cursor. The most important
  function is the cursor function that contains different controls and
  transformation into different modes and states. Ohter functions like
  'drag' and 'drawCircle' are helper functions that implement the 'drag'
  mode and 'draw' mode.

- landscape.py
  This module loads the background for the game. The background will
  repeat itself over and over again.

- meunu.py
  This module creates the menu for the game.

- subscreen.py
  This module creates the subscreen menu for the game.

- powerup.py
  This module contains 2 classes: potion and spark. Each class has its
  own movement functions. The instances will be created in the mainloop.

- spriteGroup.py
  This module contains the spriteGroup class that stores different sprite
  groups for checking the collision.

- block.py
  This module creates rect for different objects to check collisions. The
  instances will be created in the kirby class and enemy classes.

- load.py
  This is a helper module to load different resources from the 'data'
  directory. It can load images, sounds, music and fonts.


User Interface:
    1. Menu
       The background picture will according different selection, and
       the selections can wraparound. The menu is very typical, nothing
       special.

    2. Game
       The game is not a typical side scrolling game. You can not control
       the main character itself. Your job is to use your keyboard and
       and mouse to protect your kirby.
       
       The reason that I use this kind of control is that most side
       scrolling games have little interaction between the character
       and your mouse. The control might be a little harder but the game
       will be much more fun and users will feel more involed in this
       game.
